DEVX-524 adding details about client v3 in the README files (#936)
commercetools/commercetools-sdk-typescript: packages/ts-sdk-apm/README.md

## Using a custom (user-defined options)

> All monitoring and tracing functionality is implemented by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All monitoring and tracing functionality are implemented by default.
```

> The `telemetryOptions` accepts three function parameters: `createTelemetryMiddleware`, `apm` and `tracer`. The `createTelemetryMiddleware` and `tracer` parameters can be custom-implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `telemetryOptions` accepts four function parameters: `createTelemetryMiddleware`, `apm`, `tracer` and `customMetrics`. The `createTelemetryMiddleware` and `tracer` parameters can be custom-implemented.
```

> Additionally, `customMetrics` can be set up to prevent unnecessary instantiation and calls to both Datadog and New Relic if they are not used within the same application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, `customMetrics` can be included to record custom metrics based on available APM. For example, if we want to record and send custom metrics to Newrelic, we can set the `newrelic` field to `true` in the customMetrics configuration option same goes for datadog. For collecting custom metrics only Newrelic and Datadog are currently supported.
```

```typescript
type telemetryOptions = {
  createTelemetryMiddleware: (options: Omit<telemetryOptions, 'createTelemetryMiddleware'>) => Middleware,
  apm?: () => typeof require('newrelic'),
  tracer?: () => typeof require('/absolute-path-to-a-tracer(opentelemetry)-module'),

>   customMetrics: {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  customMetrics?: {
```
I believe the `customMetrics` is an optional field
